bright or I 'm sure gets to
a choir in front of Peter Multiplayer
Gameplay video so long title
this is the first beta gameplay I have
you can always show up here
I have you in front of, so to speak, the n
drug shows by the beta and now one
gameplay on the map or rather on the
map desert of the lost souls that is
then leaving the desert of the lost
souls
it becomes a so-called mode with the
names team fate of the gods played this
is actually as well as domination one has
three points you will ever take
must be and for that reason you have to do this
you also get points
points and also because you dealt with opponents
Therefore, team favor in stopping team
has and yes the beta is currently great
exclusive so somehow just for
20,000 people available and somehow
I got a key thanks
with a hat for having this key
In any case, I was allowed to get one
few hours that now play the game
and have a little bit of it with me
busy and tell you now
a bit my impressions and stuff
he is still playing again later
the beta then for everyone
be accessible so or
then it should be public then
january but only for playstation plus
So members then you need
playstation plus then the gol
vorbeter download
So no matter the people who are playing
that should have the principle canon
from all the combinations so
weak blows hitting l1
and you can still do three together
make special attacks everything is just the way
remained
there are still in the game or in general
on the map so some things you like that
can collect the, for example, as a
hammer or something
or dropping off or over such
Things everywhere now where you then
can replenish his energy so its
Life indicator marked here as green
you will be with the opponents of course
For example, red is here now
gave it a hammer and the style strong
the skin pretty much takes away the opponent and it
is still a blue indicator for magic
the cool thing about the station is you can
sure so in that we adapt so we
thus know different garments
which of course also different
abilities then is available eg several
more protection or more attack for
example that has really unbelievable many
let's say perks and equipments and
besides, then the warrior will as well
still a bit stylish and pimped
then he looks just horny me
initially had real problems maybe
only because they really only people
they are really desperate to gamble
such an animal arrived or
but some editors are already
with it so I was really
problems to find me purely because that
It's hard, it's not easy
but you are happy if you have one
has struck down and I think so
Do not do that much here either
money
but that was it anyway
a performance feel because it was me in the end
nice to see was what you see then
will you see here right here
with but there is a box the
so you can collect
there are then so ops or xp can
you say
and yes it's just another one of
level system as in call of duty that
one stops after every game one gets
points of experience and so on the better
you got the more points you get and
ascend and then there are new things
which one can set free so that
typical principle and that 's just it
first time that ingolf tube
multiplayer occurs and I have to say
that is really bomb maybe that is
really something for beginners at first
hard because you then stop into the game
come with any people stop
really hard many equipment
have and even the dinger
on it all have the combination
Of course you can be annoying
but you get used to it as well
there is still a hall where you can do it yourself
The things can be trained out of ruins
can you have unlocked in the
etc
and yes, if i play this game at all
should be assessed objectively
I could not do that at all, so I am
a too big god warfare 3 was the
reason why I actually a ps3
got it was not good and me
I loved God I have the game
played extra on platinum several times
has written at least ten times
play is played out but only that
the best game for me was god of war
is my favorite series and is with
I rule then I leave if that
comes out in March and I think at first
However, it was shocked so was happy
a singleplayer game and only has that
the player also with it but spot
the blog is really fun for me and me
think that could be good too
but of course is with me
also the single player more ahead
Well that was the video for beta first
by call of juarez session
I'm still running the gameplay
bit I like to let it finish
run because I'm still something in the end
cool do you should see her,
yes if you liked the video and
Of course, I would have a thumb
look upwards
I hope you have a small one
Overview of the multiplayer of call
for essential received and the
description for facebook even more
left and jan ole I'm sure me
hope we will see us
1004 portugal
june away by